# S3S3

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Public** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**AccessKey** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**SecretKey** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Fqdn** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Cors** | Pointer to [**[]S3Cors**](S3Cors.md) |  | [optional] 
**QuotaUsedSize** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewS3S3

`func NewS3S3() *S3S3`

NewS3S3 instantiates a new S3S3 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewS3S3WithDefaults

`func NewS3S3WithDefaults() *S3S3`

NewS3S3WithDefaults instantiates a new S3S3 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetPublic

`func (o *S3S3) GetPublic() bool`

GetPublic returns the Public field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPublicOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetPublicOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPublicOk returns a tuple with the Public field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPublic

`func (o *S3S3) SetPublic(v bool)`

SetPublic sets Public field to given value.

### HasPublic

`func (o *S3S3) HasPublic() bool`

HasPublic returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessKey

`func (o *S3S3) GetAccessKey() string`

GetAccessKey returns the AccessKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessKeyOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetAccessKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccessKeyOk returns a tuple with the AccessKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessKey

`func (o *S3S3) SetAccessKey(v string)`

SetAccessKey sets AccessKey field to given value.

### HasAccessKey

`func (o *S3S3) HasAccessKey() bool`

HasAccessKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSecretKey

`func (o *S3S3) GetSecretKey() string`

GetSecretKey returns the SecretKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecretKeyOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetSecretKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSecretKeyOk returns a tuple with the SecretKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecretKey

`func (o *S3S3) SetSecretKey(v string)`

SetSecretKey sets SecretKey field to given value.

### HasSecretKey

`func (o *S3S3) HasSecretKey() bool`

HasSecretKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFqdn

`func (o *S3S3) GetFqdn() string`

GetFqdn returns the Fqdn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFqdnOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetFqdnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFqdnOk returns a tuple with the Fqdn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFqdn

`func (o *S3S3) SetFqdn(v string)`

SetFqdn sets Fqdn field to given value.

### HasFqdn

`func (o *S3S3) HasFqdn() bool`

HasFqdn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCors

`func (o *S3S3) GetCors() []S3Cors`

GetCors returns the Cors field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorsOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetCorsOk() (*[]S3Cors, bool)`

GetCorsOk returns a tuple with the Cors field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCors

`func (o *S3S3) SetCors(v []S3Cors)`

SetCors sets Cors field to given value.

### HasCors

`func (o *S3S3) HasCors() bool`

HasCors returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuotaUsedSize

`func (o *S3S3) GetQuotaUsedSize() int32`

GetQuotaUsedSize returns the QuotaUsedSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuotaUsedSizeOk

`func (o *S3S3) GetQuotaUsedSizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetQuotaUsedSizeOk returns a tuple with the QuotaUsedSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuotaUsedSize

`func (o *S3S3) SetQuotaUsedSize(v int32)`

SetQuotaUsedSize sets QuotaUsedSize field to given value.

### HasQuotaUsedSize

`func (o *S3S3) HasQuotaUsedSize() bool`

HasQuotaUsedSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


